Any API: Fix existing examples,  add new example on fetching data from json array, correct job ids (#724)
smartcontractkit/documentation: docs/Using Any API/multi-variable-responses.md

```curl
curl -X 'GET' \
  'https://min-api.cryptocompare.com/data/price?fsym=ETH&tsyms=BTC' \
  -H 'accept: application/json'
```

The response should be similar to the following:

```json
{
  "BTC": 0.07297
}
```

The request above shows how to get the price of _ETH_ against _BTC_. Now let say we want the price of _ETH_ against several currencies: _BTC_, _USD_, and _EUR_. Our contract will have to support receiving multiple responses.
To consume an API with multiple responses, your contract should inherit from [ChainlinkClient](https://github.com/smartcontractkit/chainlink/blob/master/contracts/src/v0.8/ChainlinkClient.sol). This contract exposes a struct called `Chainlink.Request`, which your contract should use to build the API request. The request should include the following parameters:

- Link token address
- Oracle address
- Job id
- Request fee
- Task parameters
- Callback function signature

> ❗️ Note on Funding Contracts
>
> Making a GET request will fail unless your deployed contract has enough LINK to pay for it. **Learn how to [Acquire testnet LINK](../acquire-link/) and [Fund your contract](../fund-your-contract/)**.

> Assume that a user wants to obtain the ETH price quoted against three different currencies: _BTC_ , _USD_ and _EUR_. If they use only a single-word job (cf. [Single Word Response](/docs/single-word-response/)), it would require three different requests. To make that more efficient, they can use multi-word responses to do it all in a single request as shown in the following example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Assume that a user wants to obtain the ETH price quoted against three different currencies: _BTC_ , _USD_ and _EUR_. If they use only a single-word job, it would require three different requests. For a comparison, see the [Single Word Response](/docs/single-word-response/) example. To make these requests more efficient, use multi-word responses to do it all in a single request as shown in the following example:
```

```solidity Kovan
{% include 'samples/APIRequests/MultiWordConsumer.sol' %}
```

<div class="remix-callout">
    <a href="https://remix.ethereum.org/#url=https://docs.chain.link/samples/APIRequests/MultiWordConsumer.sol" target="_blank" >Open in Remix</a>
    <a href="/docs/conceptual-overview/#what-is-remix" >What is Remix?</a>
</div>

To use this contract:

> 1. Open the [contract in Remix](https://remix.ethereum.org/#url=https://docs.chain.link/samples/APIRequests/MultiWordConsumer.sol).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [Open the contract in Remix](https://remix.ethereum.org/#url=https://docs.chain.link/samples/APIRequests/MultiWordConsumer.sol).
```
Usually I highlight the entire phrase when giving an imperative command.

1. Fund your contract with 0.1 LINK. To learn how to send LINK to contracts, read the [Fund Your Contracts](/docs/fund-your-contract/) page.

1. Call the `btc`, `usd` , and `eur` functions to confirm that the respective `btc`, `usd` , and `eur` state variables are equal to _zero_.

1. Run the `requestMultipleParameters` function. This builds the `Chainlink.Request` using the correct parameters:

   - The `req.add("urlBTC", "<cryptocompareETHBTCURL>")` request parameter provides the oracle node with the [url](https://min-api.cryptocompare.com/data/price?fsym=ETH&tsyms=BTC) where to fetch the _ETH-BTC_ price. Same logic for `req.add("urlEUR", "<cryptocompareETHEURURL>")` and `req.add("urlUSD", "<cryptocompareETHUSDURL>")`.
   - THe `req.add('pathBTC', 'BTC')` request parameter tells the oracle node where to fetch the _ETH-BTC_ price in the _json_ response. Same logic for `req.add('pathUSD', 'EUR')` and `req.add('pathEUR', 'USD')`.

>      Note that because we are providing the urls and paths , The `MultiWordConsumer` in the example above is flexible enough to call any public API, so long as the URLs and paths are correct.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     Because you provide the URLs and paths, the `MultiWordConsumer` in the example can call any public API as long as the URLs and paths are correct.
```

1. After few seconds, call the `btc`, `usd` , and `eur` functions. You should get a non-zero responses.
   The job spec for the Chainlink node in this example can be found [here](/docs/direct-request-multi-word/).

## Setting the LINK token address, Oracle, and JobId

The [`setChainlinkToken`](/docs/chainlink-framework/#setchainlinktoken) function sets the LINK token address for the [network](/docs/link-token-contracts/) you are deploying to. The [`setChainlinkOracle`](/docs/chainlink-framework/#setchainlinkoracle) function sets a specific Chainlink oracle that a contract makes an API call from. The `jobId` refers to a specific job for that node to run.

Each job is unique and returns different types of data. For example, a job that returns a `bytes32` variable from an API would have a different `jobId` than a job that retrieved the same data, but in the form of a `uint256` variable.

> [market.link](https://market.link/) provides a searchable catalogue of Oracles, Jobs and their subsequent return types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[market.link](https://market.link/) provides a searchable catalog of oracles, jobs, and their subsequent return types.
```

- Task parameters
- Callback function signature

> ❗️ Note on Funding Contracts
>
> Making a GET request will fail unless your deployed contract has enough LINK to pay for it. **Learn how to [Acquire testnet LINK](../acquire-link/) and [Fund your contract](../fund-your-contract/)**.

```solidity Kovan
{% include 'samples/APIRequests/MultiWordConsumer.sol' %}
```

<div class="remix-callout">
    <a href="https://remix.ethereum.org/#url=https://docs.chain.link/samples/APIRequests/MultiWordConsumer.sol" target="_blank" >Open in Remix</a>
    <a href="/docs/conceptual-overview/#what-is-remix" >What is Remix?</a>
</div>

The job spec for the Chainlink node in this example can be [found here](../example-job-spec-multi-word/).

> If the LINK address for targeted blockchain is not [publicly available](../link-token-contracts/) yet, replace [setPublicChainlinkToken(/)](../chainlink-framework/#setpublicchainlinktoken) with [setChainlinkToken(\_address)](../chainlink-framework/#setchainlinktoken) in the constructor, where `_address` is a corresponding LINK token contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the LINK address for targeted blockchain is not [publicly available](../link-token-contracts/) yet, replace [setPublicChainlinkToken()](../chainlink-framework/#setpublicchainlinktoken) with [setChainlinkToken(\_address)](../chainlink-framework/#setchainlinktoken) in the constructor, where `_address` is a corresponding LINK token contract.
```
